MILE-RUN
============

Instruction
-----------
A movement-aware location selection algorithm (published in Information Sciences 18)

Given the movement history (e.g., historical trajactory/check-in logs) for massive users, how to find a location to deploy the next facility, while there are k existing ones, such that the aggregated utility for the facility network is maximized. We present a novel model, namely MILE-RUN, that can address the aforementioned problem efficiently. The results of this work have been published in the following papers, please cite the following appropriately if you are using the code for MILE-RUN.

Place Your Next Branch with MILE-RUN: Min-dist Location Selection over User Movement . Cui, J.; Wang, M.; Li, H.; and Cai, Y. Information Sciences ,- . 2018.<br>
This work is part of our ongoing project, namely Movement-Aware Location Selection (MALOS). Besides MILE-RUN, given the movement history (e.g., historical trajactory/check-in logs) for massive users, we've also conducted research works on several other problems, including:

Find the best location to deploy the facility such that it will probably cover the most number of moving users.<br>
Find a facility, from k existing ones, and relocate it to another place such that the utility can be maximized.<br>
Find k location to place facilities such that the aggregated utility can be maximized.



Development environment
----------
1. boost_1_65_1  [Boost official website](https://www.boost.org/ "Click to view")<br>
2. IDE is Visual Studio 2013. [vs 2013 downlad](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/zh-hans/vs/older-downloads/ "Click to view")<br>
3. Run on a 3.2GHz quad-core machine with 32GB RAM under Windows 10(64 bit).<br>
4. Please ensure your compiler supports C++11<br>

Datasets
----------

 1. Two datasets BJ_datasets and CA_datasets were selected<br>
 2. BJ_datasets: collected moving users in Beijing, and there are 136,686 sample points for each user on average.<br>
 3. CA_datasets: collected the discrete check-in data for representing users in cailfornia<br>
 4. The dataset folder contains real data and processed data (such as: facility location, candidate points, etc.)<br>
 5. The processed data is generated by the supplied program. You can modify the program to generate your own desired data.<br>

Project structure
----------

 1. `MILE-RUN.vcxproj`: This is the main project file for a VC++ project generated by AppWizard. It contains version information for the Visual C++ that generated the file, and information about the platform, configuration, and project features selected using the AppWizard.<br>
 2. Source File :<br>
     *`MILE-RUN.cpp`: This is the main application source file<br>
     *`typed_directed_graph.cpp`: This file builds some of the data structures used in program execution
 3. head File :<br>
     *`convert_datasets.h`: Processed data is generated in this file<br>
     *`proposed_algorithms.h`: This document contains the main algorithm(eg. NSJ, LNB, EN...) to solve the Min-dist location selection problem in the article<br>

Example
----------
  

 1. There are two ways to execute the program<br>
     *You need to write a config file when running the program. There is a demo file for you test and use in the example folder. When you run the program, only need to load the config file through the IDE before running.<br>
     *You can enter a specific command to execute the program after running the program.<br>
 
 2. smoething about config file
    0: false  1: true<br>
    need_gen: generate(1)candidates and reference locations or not(0)<br>
    need_cov: convert(1) facilities, then generate candidates and reference locations or not(0)<br>
    need_real: snap(1)real reference locations to road network or not(0)<br>
    is_directed_graph :convert (1) undirected graph into bidirectional graph or not (0)<br>
    edges: edges file path<br>
    facs: facility location file path<br>
    reflocs: reference location file path<br>
    cands: candidate location file path<br>
    results: Program operation result path<br>
    is_EN_50: execution(1) or not(0)<br>
    is_execute_EN, is_execute_LNB and is_execute_NSJ, same as above.<br>
 3. The specific command please reference configuration file<br>




